1 is freestyle jenkins job
2 is pipeline jenkins job
harbin_prod_H5_npm-pipeline is pipeline jenkins job
hhbank_plus_product is pipeline jenkins job
hhbank_pom_pro is freestyle jenkins job
hsbank_prod_drools-1_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
hsbank_prod_drools-2_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
hsbank_prod_ifcsmg-1_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
hsbank_prod_ifcsmg-2_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
hsbank_prod_kcbifcs-1_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
hsbank_prod_kcbifcs-2_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
hsbank_prod_netgate-1_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
hsbank_prod_rollbak_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
jenkins-test is pipeline jenkins job
jxbank_admin_h5 is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_admin_h5_npm is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_plus_admin is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_plus_auth is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_plus_datainner is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_plus_eureka is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_plus_frontmanager is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_plus_gateway is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_plus_product is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_plus_schedule is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_pom_pro is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_prod_rollbak_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
jxbank_product_h5 is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_product_h5_npm is freestyle jenkins job
moon_prod_eureka-pip is pipeline jenkins job
moonstar_prod_admin_H5-pip is pipeline jenkins job
moonstar_prod_admin-pip is pipeline jenkins job
moonstar_prod_auth-pip is pipeline jenkins job
moonstar_prod_dict-pip is pipeline jenkins job
moonstar_prod_frontmanager-pip is pipeline jenkins job
moonstar_prod_gate-pip is pipeline jenkins job
moonstar_prod_product_H5-pip is pipeline jenkins job
moonstar_prod_product-pip is pipeline jenkins job
plus-eureka1 is pipeline jenkins job
rollbak_test is pipeline jenkins job
sjbank_plus_product is freestyle jenkins job
sjbank_prod_rollbak_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
sjbank_product_h5 is freestyle jenkins job
sjbank_product_h5_npm is freestyle jenkins job
trainingcamp_prod_666H5_npm is freestyle jenkins job
trainingcamp_prod_externalservice is freestyle jenkins job
trainingcamp_prod_frontservice is freestyle jenkins job
trainingcamp_prod_h5 is freestyle jenkins job
trainingcamp_prod_h5_npm is freestyle jenkins job
tup_prod_drools-1 is pipeline jenkins job
tup_prod_drools-2 is pipeline jenkins job
tup_prod_ifcsmg-1 is pipeline jenkins job
tup_prod_ifcsmg-2 is pipeline jenkins job
tup_prod_kcbifcs-1 is pipeline jenkins job
tup_prod_kcbifcs-2 is pipeline jenkins job
tup_prod_netgate-1 is pipeline jenkins job
xkbank_pom_pro is freestyle jenkins job
xkbank_prod_rollbak_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_drools-1 is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_drools-1_1 is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_drools-1_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_drools-2 is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_drools-2_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_ifcsmg-1 is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_ifcsmg-1_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_ifcsmg-2 is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_ifcsmg-2_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_kcbifcs-1 is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_kcbifcs-1_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_kcbifcs-2 is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_kcbifcs-2_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_netgate is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_netgate-1_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_rollbak_ansible is pipeline jenkins job
