1 is freestyle jenkins job
111 is pipeline jenkins job
1-pipeline is pipeline jenkins job
2 is pipeline jenkins job
222 is pipeline jenkins job
3fanfan is freestyle jenkins job
datainner_full is freestyle jenkins job
harbin_dev_H5_npm is freestyle jenkins job
harbin_dev_H5_npm-pipeline is pipeline jenkins job
harbin_dev_products is freestyle jenkins job
harbin_dev_products-pipeline is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_account is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_admin is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_auth is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_batch is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_center is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_conductor is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_credit-server is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_datainner is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_finance-product is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_frontmanager is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_gate is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_h5_npm is freestyle jenkins job
jtbank_dev_H5_npm-pipeline is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_idm-manager is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_idm-rest is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_ledger is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_loanflow is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_pom is freestyle jenkins job
jtbank_dev_product is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_quartz is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_quizrule is pipeline jenkins job
jtbank_dev_schedule is pipeline jenkins job
jxbank_dev_admin is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_dev_admin_h5 is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_dev_auth is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_dev_center1 is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_dev_center2 is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_dev_datainner is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_dev_dict is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_dev_frontmanager is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_dev_gate is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_dev_H5_npm is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_dev_products is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_dev_schedule is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_dev_test is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_pom_dev is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_uat_admin is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_uat_auth is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_uat_center1 is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_uat_center2 is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_uat_datainner is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_uat_dict is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_uat_frontmanager is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_uat_gate is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_uat_H5_npm is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_uat_products is freestyle jenkins job
jxbank_uat_schedule is freestyle jenkins job
maidanba-business-dev is pipeline jenkins job
maidanba-business-test is pipeline jenkins job
maidanba-dev is pipeline jenkins job
maidanba-front-test is pipeline jenkins job
maidanba-negate-test is pipeline jenkins job
moonstar_dev_admin is freestyle jenkins job
moonstar_dev_admin_h5 is freestyle jenkins job
moonstar_dev_admin_h5_npm-pipline is pipeline jenkins job
moonstar_dev_admin-pipline is pipeline jenkins job
moonstar_dev_auth is freestyle jenkins job
moonstar_dev_auth-pipline is pipeline jenkins job
moonstar_dev_dict is freestyle jenkins job
moonstar_dev_dict-pipline is pipeline jenkins job
moonstar_dev_eureka is freestyle jenkins job
moonstar_dev_eureka-pipline is pipeline jenkins job
moonstar_dev_frontmanager is freestyle jenkins job
moonstar_dev_frontmanager-pipline is pipeline jenkins job
moonstar_dev_gate is freestyle jenkins job
moonstar_dev_gate-pipline is pipeline jenkins job
moonstar_dev_H5_npm is freestyle jenkins job
moonstar_dev_h5_npm-pipline is pipeline jenkins job
moonstar_dev_product is freestyle jenkins job
moonstar_dev_product-pipline is pipeline jenkins job
sjbank_dev_h5 is freestyle jenkins job
sjbank_dev_H5_npm is freestyle jenkins job
sjbank_dev_products is freestyle jenkins job
sjbank_uat_H5_npm is freestyle jenkins job
sjbank_uat_products is freestyle jenkins job
test_Gradle is pipeline jenkins job
trainingcamp_dev_666h5_nmp is freestyle jenkins job
trainingcamp_dev_center is freestyle jenkins job
trainingcamp_dev_externalservice is freestyle jenkins job
trainingcamp_dev_frontservice is freestyle jenkins job
trainingcamp_dev_gateway is freestyle jenkins job
trainingcamp_dev_h5 is freestyle jenkins job
trainingcamp_dev_h5_nmp is freestyle jenkins job
trainingcamp_uat_666h5_nmp is freestyle jenkins job
trainingcamp_uat_center is freestyle jenkins job
trainingcamp_uat_externalservice is freestyle jenkins job
trainingcamp_uat_frontservice is freestyle jenkins job
trainingcamp_uat_gateway is freestyle jenkins job
trainingcamp_uat_h5_nmp is freestyle jenkins job
zsbank-front-test is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_drools is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_ifcsmg is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_kcbifcs is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_prod_netgate is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_test is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_test_drools is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_test_ifcsmg is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_test_kcbifcs is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_test_netgate is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_uat_drools is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_uat_ifcsmg is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_uat_kcbifcs is pipeline jenkins job
zsbank_uat_netgate is pipeline jenkins job
